one of us used to be on steroids and one
of us has a connective tissue disorder
that makes us more flexible who's who I
have hypermobile EDS hold on hold on I I
wasn't on anabolic steroids it was for
my asthma I promise uh-huh hypermobile
EDS is a connective tissue disorder
where the tissues are stretchier than
normal and these tissues are everywhere
in your body people that have this are
generally super flexible without
training believe it or not I do not have
hypermobile EDS I did not start out this
flexible but after quite a bit of
training I got here it may seem like
free flexibility is a good thing but
there are downsides random pain vascular
issues dizzy spells funky Vision stomach
issues and there are way more things
that other people experience if you have
a tissue disorder I'd say it's way
better to focus on strength training but
if you want to stretch a muscle that's
totally fine however it can be great to
activate a muscle like this so you can
feel it in the muscle rather than the
joints whether you have EDS or not the
passive stuff is okay too so we're going
to do everything you want to do passive
stretching not passive aggressive oh
stay flexy